serviceWorker = true in angular json in dev section missing!!!

spring server:
1) the mongo query for chat should contain the event name also!!!
2) bagde notification if it's in a different page
3) when load the page, the last message should be sent as last read
----------------------
5) b) event / car -> car changed, then send notification for the event to the members of the event
6) => acl mqtt 4) => change mongo queries to make it without limit but passing an id in the where close.
7) while querying the messages to the chat window, make members anonymous, who left the chat before,
but message being sent by them remains. event.members have to have a updatedTime, so it can be compared.
 -> male or female should be different image and based on senderId a number should be added to defferentiate
 the anonymous user from each other. members.idx? picture image big number in the middle??
8) send notification and mqtt message if the currentProfile is not in the same group then the sender's profile.
9) message is being sent only to active event members
10) if the route has mqtt, the spring server shouldn't send push to mqtt. (message.type=mqtt + currentPage = topic to be sent)

mqtt
------
4) no acl for the time being -> acl sends url as topic param also (chat window url param) -> spring server verifies that url is for the profile.
(mongo query without limit, but with additional id param in the where close 
-> change the queries for the page accordinly with additional optional parameter.)
5) Popup notification, if you are inside chat window for different chat channel.

ui:
4) channel list screen and chat window ui
-----
6) when ui receives a message from spring server for the individual channel, it should know which item should update and how. (inside the list based on url or badges etc.)
(when someone reads the message sends a type=control action=read with message id.
the channel updates the item in the list on the current page based on the messageId
and clears the last message item position of the profile image about read)

angular cache:
1) ngsw json version change, index.html cache-contol no-cache should be set
2) Version your package.json file in your angular root folder
“version": “3.0.5"
3) Add output hashing every time you build your angular app.
4) ng build --outputHashing=all

(jovohet)
ssl:
1) dummy ssl for nginx on localhost -> check wss
2) certbot

(future)
spring:
1) upgrade to spring boot 3.2 (when it is released), and set spring to virtual threads (when it's released)
